NAS-103404 add docs for human readable field "memory" in VMs. (#1658)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/virtualmachines.rst

   |          |                    |                | number of CPUs.                                                                               |
   +----------+--------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | 2        | Memory Size        | integer        | Set the amount of RAM for the VM. Allocating too much memory can slow the system or           |

>    |          |                    |                | prevent VMs from running. This field is :ref:`human readable <Human Readable Fields>`.        |

Reviewer: As above, with text replacement if possible (This is a human readable field) and remove the sentences with examples.

>    |          |                    |                | prevent VMs from running. |human-readable|                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |          |                    |                | prevent VMs from running. |humanized-field|                                                    |
```

   | 3        | Select Disk Type   | drop-down menu | Select the disk type. Choices are *AHCI* and *VirtIO*. Refer to                               |
   |          |                    |                | :ref:`Disk Devices <vms-disk-device>` for more information about these disk types.            |
   +----------+--------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | 3        | Size (Examples:    |                | Allocate the amount of storage for the zvol. This field is                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | 3        | Size (Examples:    |                | Allocate the amount of storage for the zvol. |humanized-field|                                    |
```

   | 3        | Select Disk Type   | drop-down menu | Select the disk type. Choices are *AHCI* and *VirtIO*. Refer to                               |
   |          |                    |                | :ref:`Disk Devices <vms-disk-device>` for more information about these disk types.            |
   +----------+--------------------+----------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | 3        | Size (Examples:    |                | Allocate the amount of storage for the zvol. |humanized-field|                                |
   |          | 500 KiB, 500M,     |                | :ref:`human readable <Humanized Fields>`. Numbers without unit letters are                    |

>    |          | 2TB)               |                | interpreted as megabytes. For example, :samp:`500M` sets the zvol size to 500 megabytes.      |

Reviewer: This example probably means to show what happens when there is no unit.
```suggestion
   |          | 2TB)               |                | interpreted as megabytes. For example, :samp:`500` sets the zvol size to 500 megabytes.       |
```
